Add section about file I/O (#21)
dftbplus/develguide: docs/fortranstyle.rst

Part of the reason for this choice is that from Fortran 2008 onwards, optional
arguments to subroutines and functions are treated as not-present if not
allocated.

File I/O
========

> All files must be opened (connected to a descriptor) by the ``openFile()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All files must be opened (i.e., connected to a descriptor) by the ``openFile()``
```

routine, which initializes a ``type(TFileDescriptor)`` instance. Whenever
possible, use the ``mode`` argument to specify the file opening type::

  call openFile(fd, "test.dat", mode="r")

> The ``mode`` specifier has following possible values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``mode`` specifier accepts the following possible options:
```

>   * ``r``: read (file must exist, it will be positioned at its start),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``r``: read (file must exist, the descriptor the start of the file contents),
```

>   * ``r+``: read/write (file must exist, it will be positioned at its start),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``r+``: read/write (file must exist, the descriptor is at the start of the file contents),
```

Reviewer: Needs an explanation of what the difference between r and r+ is.

Author: `r` is read, `r+` is read/write as stated above. Do you think, it needs more explanation?

Reviewer: Might be useful to remind in the bullet list (or mention to see above)

>   * ``w``: write (file will be truncated if already existing otherwise created)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``w``: write (file will be replaced if already existing, otherwise created)
```

>   * ``w+``: read/write (file will truncated if already existsing otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``w+``: read/write (file will be replaced if it already exists, otherwise
```

Reviewer: Again w vs. w+ needs description

     created)

  * ``a``: appended write (file will be opened if it already exists, otherwise

>     created; it will be positioned at its end)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    created; the descriptor will be positioned at its end)
```

  * ``a+``: appended read/write (file will be opened if it already exists,

>     otherwise created; it will be positioned at its end)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    otherwise created; the descriptor will be positioned at its end)
```

Reviewer: Again a+ difference to a

Additionally the letter ``b`` can be appended to open the file in binary

> (unformatted) mode.

Reviewer: Is this additive to the other options, perhaps adding example(s) would help

For reading, writing and rewinding, the ``%unit`` field of the descriptor should
be used. Do not change the value of ``%unit``. Do not close the file with the
``close`` statement, but use the ``closeFile()`` routine instead. (Actually,

> files are automatically closed, if the connected descriptor leaves the scope,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files are automatically closed, if the connected descriptor leaves code scope,
```

Part of the reason for this choice is that from Fortran 2008 onwards, optional
arguments to subroutines and functions are treated as not-present if not
allocated.

File I/O
========

All files must be opened (i.e., connected to a descriptor) by the ``openFile()``
routine, which initializes a ``type(TFileDescriptor)`` instance. Whenever
possible, use the ``mode`` argument to specify the file opening type::

  call openFile(fd, "test.dat", mode="r")

The ``mode`` specifier accepts the following possible options:

>   * ``r``: read (file must exist, the descriptor the start of the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``r``: read (file must exist, the descriptor is at the start of the file
```

    contents),

>   * ``r+``: read/write (file must exist, the descriptor the start of the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``r+``: read and write (file must exist, the descriptor is at the start of the file
```

    contents),

  * ``w``: write (file will be replaced if already existing, otherwise created)

>   * ``w+``: read/write (file will be replaced if it already exists, otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``w+``: read and write (file will be replaced if it already exists, otherwise
```
